"Le	1 occurences
Alors	2 occurences
D'assumer	1 occurences
Finies	1 occurences
Il	1 occurences
JT	1 occurences
Jour	1 occurences
La	1 occurences
Le	12 occurences
Lève"	1 occurences
Mais	1 occurences
Ne	1 occurences
Notre	3 occurences
Nous	1 occurences
On	3 occurences
Personne	1 occurences
Se	1 occurences
Si	1 occurences
Tu	1 occurences
a	5 occurences
abandonné	1 occurences
agitée	1 occurences
allons	2 occurences
approche-toi	1 occurences
armé	1 occurences
as	2 occurences
assez	1 occurences
aujourd'hui,	1 occurences
avait	2 occurences
avancer	1 occurences
avec	2 occurences
avenir	1 occurences
belles	1 occurences
bien	2 occurences
bons	1 occurences
brigade	1 occurences
brève,	1 occurences
brûle	1 occurences
c'est	8 occurences
cahiers,	1 occurences
ce	1 occurences
ces	1 occurences
cette	1 occurences
chaleur	1 occurences
chaque	1 occurences
cherché	1 occurences
comprendre	2 occurences
conscience	1 occurences
couler	1 occurences
couleur	1 occurences
curiosité	1 occurences
d'en	1 occurences
d'une	1 occurences
dans	3 occurences
de	20 occurences
des	1 occurences
deux	1 occurences
devrais	1 occurences
difficile	1 occurences
diras	1 occurences
dis	1 occurences
doit	1 occurences
dorénavant	1 occurences
douleurs	1 occurences
droit	1 occurences
du	2 occurences
en	2 occurences
enivre	1 occurences
envie	2 occurences
espéré	1 occurences
est	4 occurences
et	15 occurences
faire	3 occurences
fait	4 occurences
fort	1 occurences
franchement	1 occurences
futur	1 occurences
glaive	1 occurences
grand	1 occurences
gratté	1 occurences
grave	1 occurences
graver	1 occurences
grisaille,	2 occurences
grève,	1 occurences
heure	2 occurences
histoire	1 occurences
il	1 occurences
incertain,	1 occurences
j'espère	1 occurences
j'imagine	1 occurences
je	2 occurences
joie	1 occurences
jour	11 occurences
juste	2 occurences
l'a	1 occurences
l'arrogance,	1 occurences
l'aube	1 occurences
l'encre,	1 occurences
l'ennui	1 occurences
l'enthousiasme	1 occurences
l'envie	1 occurences
l'espoir	1 occurences
l'obscurité	1 occurences
l'ombre	1 occurences
l'écriture	1 occurences
la	12 occurences
lancé...	1 occurences
lave	2 occurences
le	3 occurences
les	6 occurences
levé,	1 occurences
lit	1 occurences
livre,	1 occurences
loin	1 occurences
longtemps	1 occurences
lueur	1 occurences
lumière	1 occurences
là	1 occurences
lève	8 occurences
lève,	2 occurences
lèvres,	1 occurences
mais	2 occurences
miens	1 occurences
moment,	1 occurences
monter	1 occurences
mots	1 occurences
mots-là	1 occurences
mur	1 occurences
méfiance,	1 occurences
métaphore	1 occurences
même	3 occurences
n'a	1 occurences
ne	1 occurences
nos	11 occurences
notre	10 occurences
nourrir	1 occurences
nous	10 occurences
nous-mêmes	1 occurences
nuit	3 occurences
observe	1 occurences
on	5 occurences
ouvre	1 occurences
ouvrira	1 occurences
pair	1 occurences
papier	1 occurences
parce	1 occurences
pardonner,	1 occurences
parole,	1 occurences
pas	4 occurences
passion	1 occurences
passé	1 occurences
patience	1 occurences
paupières	1 occurences
peines	1 occurences
pendant	1 occurences
pensé	1 occurences
peut-être	1 occurences
pierre	1 occurences
point	1 occurences
pour	4 occurences
poètes	1 occurences
prendre	1 occurences
prends	1 occurences
qu'elle	1 occurences
qu'on	3 occurences
qu'à	1 occurences
quand	2 occurences
que	7 occurences
quel	1 occurences
quittent	1 occurences
raconter,	1 occurences
regard	1 occurences
renaissance	1 occurences
retrouver	1 occurences
ruelles	2 occurences
récolter	1 occurences
rêves,	1 occurences
s'est	2 occurences
s'offre	1 occurences
sa	1 occurences
sachant	1 occurences
sans	1 occurences
scène	1 occurences
se	13 occurences
sent	1 occurences
sera	2 occurences
si	4 occurences
simplement	1 occurences
soif	1 occurences
soleil	1 occurences
sommes	1 occurences
son	1 occurences
sort	1 occurences
sortent	1 occurences
sortis	1 occurences
souffle	1 occurences
sourire	1 occurences
souvent	1 occurences
stylos	1 occurences
suite	1 occurences
suivre	1 occurences
sur	10 occurences
sève	1 occurences
sûrement	1 occurences
t'en	2 occurences
taire	1 occurences
tes	1 occurences
ton	1 occurences
toujours	1 occurences
tour	3 occurences
tours	2 occurences
tous	3 occurences
tout	1 occurences
toute	2 occurences
trop	1 occurences
trottoirs	2 occurences
trouve,	1 occurences
tu	1 occurences
tâtonner	1 occurences
un	1 occurences
une	2 occurences
uniquement	1 occurences
va	1 occurences
vais	1 occurences
vivre	1 occurences
voix	1 occurences
vont	1 occurences
vous	2 occurences
vrai	1 occurences
yeux,	2 occurences
à	8 occurences
ça	5 occurences
ça,	1 occurences
éclaire	1 occurences
écouteras	1 occurences
écrire	1 occurences
élèves,	1 occurences
été	1 occurences
